throw away and there you got a knife you
got a gun okay item up is it yes which
the default scorpion couple jam kotenko
time we're going well Jim come down here
I don't hear co Jim Jim right here okay
so you're gonna bend down and you have
to do is you up then come down and you
have to shoot all these basketballs and
they have to go in no no you have to use
your knife though don't use your gun
they have to go in if all three go in
start from left to right right here and
then all over right and then the bottom
left corner is gonna say LeBron James
has connected
well there's no more yeah I know they
all went in they all went in that one in
okay so I follow me follow me now you're
gonna you have to run five laps around
the corner let's go well that's 10 I
know you're behind me hold up wait okay
we're one he'll be that's not three this
is three now I know that was 34 okay now
as you know LeBron James is the king so
you gotta gotta jump up on top of this
platform and then shoot up into the air
once you're the king all right now get
off all right we got take a lap or on
the entire map follow go up go up and we
gotta swim we've all swim a lap cuz
LeBron James like to stay healthy so go
around the outside of the pool nice and
close dunk off the steps ooh okay make
sure you don't fall off
all right I'm try out of the pool grab
one of these towels and just dry off you
don't want to you don't want to see
LeBron James yeah I'm in and lay down on
the beach and take a tan tan love it
nice okay all right you're nice and tan
now let's keep going let's keep going
yeah cool off if not we'll fall off in
the hot tub you gotta shoot the bottles
that are the wine bar right there nice
all right now that the wine separated
LeBron James always has to run stairs
okay I see you gotta go up right down
left where it is five times this is one
do I don't know me almost done for I
know your legs are getting tired I just
a fifth one let's go okay let's keep
going keep going all right now LeBron
James his favorite car is this it yellow
car right here just look at just take an
entire lap around it and just look at
don't shoot it or else it won't work and
we have to restart it just look at it
okay hard look I heard the little ding
we're good let's keep you on oh yeah
that's right that's right it's offseason
we gotta lift weights so grab some
weight room equipment and start just
working out ha 12 30 45 ok LeBron James
is like almost here yeah let's run it
let's run a couple miles on the
treadmill just keep running it was good
all right yeah yeah she this wine bottle
nice nice all right let's keep going
keep going
pop around here now another thing will
Bruin games like to do the broad jumps
to rest a half on this and just go there
all the way around oh if you screw up do
yet you restart yeah well it's only the
first time in this up after you mess up
ones you don't have to restart be doing
a great job right now just keep it going
keep it going nice one more one more
last peg this is okay let's keep it
going keep going can go up the left side
of this right here okay all right you
have your you have your fully automatic
gun out yeah okay stand right here in
the middle of basketball for it right
right here look Len look yes and looked
out the ground and you know how like you
when you shoot it makes a little like a
thing in the ground mm-hmm I make a tee
okay then then right here make an are
right next to the T
give me a lowercase R yeah that's good
then right here make an o
and then make make make an L and make
another L true oh look at that LeBron
James connected how much time that was
invested into that troll stand down it's
a draw making up as they go against a
like that nigga